`Hds::PageHeader` – Set position to 'relative' (#1466)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/page-header/partials/code/how-to-use.md

!!!

> The resonsive layout is achieved using [container queries](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_container_queries), creating a new stacking context. We recommend setting the appropriate `z-index` value to the Page Header to make sure its content (for example a Dropdown) is not obscured by other elements on the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The responsive layout is achieved using [container queries](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_container_queries), which creates a new [stacking context](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_positioned_layout/Understanding_z-index/Stacking_context). We recommend setting the appropriate `z-index` value to the Page Header (or its parent container) to make sure its content–for example a Dropdown–is not obscured by other elements on the page.
```

> The resonsive layout is achieved using [container queries](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_container_queries), creating a new stacking context. We recommend setting the appropriate `z-index` value to the Page Header to make sure its content (for example a Dropdown) is not obscured by other elements on the page.

Reviewer: Should also this live inside a "banner" (warning) box? 😬

Author: Yes, it's a good call – it is also very much related to the above paragraph.
